[DOC] updates gh-pages docs for release/26.04 release [skip ci] (#14626)
NVIDIA/spark-rapids: docs/download.md

		Spark version. For instance, visit `https://spark.apache.org/docs/3.4.1` for Spark 3.4.1.

	Supported Spark versions:
		Apache Spark 3.3.0, 3.3.1, 3.3.2, 3.3.3, 3.3.4
		Apache Spark 3.4.0, 3.4.1, 3.4.2, 3.4.3, 3.4.4
		Apache Spark 3.5.0, 3.5.1, 3.5.2, 3.5.3, 3.5.4, 3.5.5, 3.5.6, 3.5.7, 3.5.8
		Apache Spark 4.0.0, 4.0.1, 4.0.2

> 		Apache Spark 4.1.1

Reviewer: Apache Spark 4.1.0 was a short lived release and we did not end up supporting it.  So this listing is correct.

* Download the [PUB_KEY](https://keys.openpgp.org/search?q=sw-spark@nvidia.com).
* Import the public key: `gpg --import PUB_KEY`
* Verify the signature for Scala 2.12 jar:
    `gpg --verify rapids-4-spark_2.12-26.04.0.jar.asc rapids-4-spark_2.12-26.04.0.jar`
* Verify the signature for Scala 2.13 jar:
    `gpg --verify rapids-4-spark_2.13-26.04.0.jar.asc rapids-4-spark_2.13-26.04.0.jar`

The output of signature verify:

	gpg: Good signature from "NVIDIA Spark (For the signature of spark-rapids release jars) <sw-spark@nvidia.com>"

### Release Notes
* Databricks 17.3 ML LTS (Spark 4.0) support (Delta Lake fallback to CPU); Databricks 12.2 ML LTS no longer supported ([#14518](https://github.com/NVIDIA/spark-rapids/pull/14518))

> * Iceberg 1.10.1 support with Spark 4.0.2 ([#14459](https://github.com/NVIDIA/spark-rapids/pull/14459))

Reviewer: We also added Iceberg 1.9.2 and 1.10.1 support for Spark 3.5.4-3.5.8, per 
https://github.com/NVIDIA/spark-rapids/pull/14401

And, separately, we added Delta Lake deletion vector support in 26.04.

Author: updated

* Download the [PUB_KEY](https://keys.openpgp.org/search?q=sw-spark@nvidia.com).
* Import the public key: `gpg --import PUB_KEY`
* Verify the signature for Scala 2.12 jar:
    `gpg --verify rapids-4-spark_2.12-26.04.0.jar.asc rapids-4-spark_2.12-26.04.0.jar`
* Verify the signature for Scala 2.13 jar:
    `gpg --verify rapids-4-spark_2.13-26.04.0.jar.asc rapids-4-spark_2.13-26.04.0.jar`

The output of signature verify:

	gpg: Good signature from "NVIDIA Spark (For the signature of spark-rapids release jars) <sw-spark@nvidia.com>"

### Release Notes
* Databricks 17.3 ML LTS (Spark 4.0) support (Delta Lake fallback to CPU); Databricks 12.2 ML LTS no longer supported ([#14518](https://github.com/NVIDIA/spark-rapids/pull/14518))

> * Delta Lake deletion vector support on Databricks 14.3

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Deletion vector read support for open source Delta Lake 3.3+ and 4.0+.  
```
